flux-shell[0]:  WARN: exception: node failure on frontier04003 (shell rank 25)
flux-shell[0]:  WARN: exception: node failure on frontier03993 (shell rank 22)
flux-shell[0]:  WARN: exception: node failure on frontier04494 (shell rank 96)
flux-shell[0]:  WARN: exception: node failure on frontier04497 (shell rank 97)
flux-shell[108]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[63]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[46]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[87]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[16]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[61]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[125]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[24]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[28]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[5]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[6]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[132]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[19]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[52]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[76]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[65]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[105]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[38]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[71]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[64]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[10]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[48]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[29]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[9]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[74]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[17]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[121]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[70]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[101]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[66]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[12]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[18]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[23]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[30]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[102]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[15]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[39]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[44]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[50]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[49]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[40]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[8]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[53]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[78]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[79]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[104]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[119]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[133]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[42]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[131]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[14]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[13]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[20]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[26]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[7]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[88]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[85]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[116]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[124]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[136]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[21]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[55]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[11]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[0]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
