flux-shell[94]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[82]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[134]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[6]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[13]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[51]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[98]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[42]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[92]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[108]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[73]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[89]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[102]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[127]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[5]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[35]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[64]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[121]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[3]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[41]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[53]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[126]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[9]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[65]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[39]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[0]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
