flux-shell[13]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[56]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[39]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[117]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[74]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[4]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[37]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[101]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[88]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[125]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[96]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[119]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[15]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[70]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[52]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[102]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[72]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[53]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[115]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[80]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[75]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[104]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[59]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[12]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[51]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[34]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
flux-shell[0]: FATAL: input.kvs: flux_job_event_watch_get: Function not implemented
